README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Shalon Fernando

3rd Year 1st Semester undergraduate at SLIIT<br />
B.Sc. Hons. in Information Technology Specializing in Software Engineering 

---

# Check out my space themed Portfolio
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://shalon.vercel.app/">
    <img src="./Assets/new-banner.png" alt="Portfolio Banner" width="70%" />
  </a>
</p>
P.S. Tap the image to view my full portfolio

---

## 🧠 About Me

- Full-stack developer building web, mobile, and intelligent systems
- Tech Stack: Spring boot, Java, Kotlin, Python, PHP, MERN, HTML/CSS  
- Always learning and building  
- Reach me at: [shalonfernando52@gmail.com](mailto:shalonfernando52@gmail.com)
- Check out my cv [View my Resume (PDF)](./Assets/ShalonFernandoResume.pdf)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=3hal0n&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=3hal0n&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
</div>

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools

<p align="left">
<!--   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="30"/> -->

  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Web Technologies --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/reactnative/reactnative-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/backbonejs/backbonejs-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Mobile & UI --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Tools & Platforms --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" height="30"/>  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Databases --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/microsoftsqlserver/microsoftsqlserver-plain.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Design Tools --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-line.svg" height="30"/>
</p>

---

![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=3hal0n&color=blue)

---

## 🏆 Holopin Board

[![@3hal0n's Holopin board](https://holopin.me/3hal0n)](https://holopin.io/@3hal0n)

---

### Latest Blog posts:

<div style="margin-top:8px;">
  <table style="width:100%; border-collapse:collapse;">
    <tr>
      <td style="width:160px; vertical-align:top; padding-right:12px;">
        <a target="_blank" href="https://medium.com/@shalonfernando52/wso2-api-manager-solving-api-calamity-in-modern-enterprises-6fe457001cb0">
          <img src="./Assets/0.jpg" alt="WSO2 API Manager" style="width:150px; height:auto; border-radius:6px; box-shadow:0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.25);" />
        </a>
      </td>
      <td style="vertical-align:top;">
        <a target="_blank" href="https://medium.com/@shalonfernando52/wso2-api-manager-solving-api-calamity-in-modern-enterprises-6fe457001cb0" style="text-decoration:none; color:inherit;">
          <strong style="font-size:18px;">WSO2 API Manager — Solving API Calamity in Modern Enterprises</strong>
        </a>
        <div style="color:#8b8b8b; font-size:13px; margin-top:6px;">Read on Medium</div>
        <!-- Optional short excerpt could go here -->
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

Commit message:

Update intro and About Me sections to match CV highlights

README.md, after:


# Hi there, I'm Shalon Fernando

Software Engineer | Full-Stack Developer | AI Enthusiast

B.Sc. (Hons) in Information Technology, Specializing in Software Engineering  
3rd Year Undergraduate at SLIIT

Passionate about building scalable web, mobile, and intelligent systems. Experienced in modern frameworks and cloud technologies.

---

# Check out my space themed Portfolio
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://shalon.vercel.app/">
    <img src="./Assets/new-banner.png" alt="Portfolio Banner" width="70%" />
  </a>
</p>
P.S. Tap the image to view my full portfolio

---


## 🧠 About Me

- Full-stack developer with hands-on experience in Java, Spring Boot, MERN stack, Python, and cloud platforms
- Strong foundation in software engineering principles and agile development
- Interested in AI, machine learning, and automation
- Contributor to open-source projects and tech communities
- Always learning and building new things
- Contact: [shalonfernando52@gmail.com](mailto:shalonfernando52@gmail.com)
- [View my Resume (PDF)](./Assets/ShalonFernandoResume.pdf)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=3hal0n&show_icons=true&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=3hal0n&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
</div>

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools

<p align="left">
<!--   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="30"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="30"/> -->

  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Web Technologies --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/reactnative/reactnative-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/backbonejs/backbonejs-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Mobile & UI --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dart/dart-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Tools & Platforms --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" height="30"/>  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Databases --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/microsoftsqlserver/microsoftsqlserver-plain.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" height="30"/> <!-- Design Tools --> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" height="30"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-line.svg" height="30"/>
</p>

---

![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=3hal0n&color=blue)

---

## 🏆 Holopin Board

[![@3hal0n's Holopin board](https://holopin.me/3hal0n)](https://holopin.io/@3hal0n)

---

### Latest Blog posts:

<div style="margin-top:8px;">
  <table style="width:100%; border-collapse:collapse;">
    <tr>
      <td style="width:160px; vertical-align:top; padding-right:12px;">
        <a target="_blank" href="https://medium.com/@shalonfernando52/wso2-api-manager-solving-api-calamity-in-modern-enterprises-6fe457001cb0">
          <img src="./Assets/0.jpg" alt="WSO2 API Manager" style="width:150px; height:auto; border-radius:6px; box-shadow:0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.25);" />
        </a>
      </td>
      <td style="vertical-align:top;">
        <a target="_blank" href="https://medium.com/@shalonfernando52/wso2-api-manager-solving-api-calamity-in-modern-enterprises-6fe457001cb0" style="text-decoration:none; color:inherit;">
          <strong style="font-size:18px;">WSO2 API Manager — Solving API Calamity in Modern Enterprises</strong>
        </a>
        <div style="color:#8b8b8b; font-size:13px; margin-top:6px;">Read on Medium</div>
        <!-- Optional short excerpt could go here -->
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>
